hello today i want you
tell about a very interesting such
unusual for me water diet about
water a lot of different talk goes yes and
here's a water diet for where not here such
Here is an interesting question and I decided to
you too share such times
information got mean you need to share
that's what's interesting in this one diet as
it says yes what is the process
aging it is generally directly related to
lack of fluid in the cells and dry
skin old noticed probably she's so
here is lifeless dryish here the same
that is the most need to drink plenty of water about
this already says a lot in different
sources say this before but what
for me it was new here in this
diet in this practice as if not himself
cope at all I really like because
have something like
refuse yes immediately some
such thoughts
it's a little different here and people
often overweight
consumes an insufficient amount
water water in the cells is not enough and
the body starts this water
accumulate with fat cells
yes and save in order to then in
the right time could be spent
when water is not enough water begins
from these processes , that's what needs to be done
in order to get rid of excess
weight let's say so and what is it
the most water diet actually
to lose weight with water is very easy and
the rule is very simple 1 glass of water
in the morning and one glass of water in the evening somewhere
three hours before bedtime
should be at room temperature not
cold I will drink not hot room
temperatures for what it is in the morning when you
drink a glass of water the body wakes up
and tuned to active work
here and so the evening begins
cleansing process plus everything
a glass of water which spit in the evening for
three hours to sleep
which is also important he starts giving your
stomach signals that all
he is a full signal of holiness and you have not
there will be feelings of hunger
also works very well for me
interesting discovery was in this diet
as they say before that you can not drink water
or something on this tea coffee still something
right after the meal for me the truth was
discovery maybe you already know about it
but what is the essence of why the most important
the question is why such is why when you
eat you starts to produce a zhopny
gastric juice which that digest
your food is all great
now imagine grew immediately drank
something tea-coffee 40 no matter what the hell
drank water and here is this liquid she
starts once diluted that
concentrated gastric juice which
need in order to digest the food that
it turns out he is not up to digested this food and
not until digested arch by this gastric
the juice of the food goes further it turns out not
quite right yes then you need to continue
its more like digesting on
digest there are these processes
which are wrong and in order to
the body to digest food properly
need accordingly
ate then waited it turns out like
at least at least and then drink tea
there or coffee or her that you still there
drink before either just here but the most
the main thing is not to dilute the gastric juice
so he managed to work it very
unusual when I started doing it
prim think how you ate need to drink and
Immediately the note became easier
to replace this water here which is
liquid video yes a little can help
be the stomach for this what applies
why is it useful to eat soups
yes they are
digestion because they are no longer
liquid is why it is good to eat vegetables and
fruits
because they also have liquid and
less will you need liquid in order
to drink up to sing for
feeling good
just on time then
breakfasts and lunches and dinners include more
something and here something containing liquid
but ideally here regarding this water
diets need to drink again I will remind to
a glass of water for room temperature
half an hour before meals
so that this liquid does not dilute that
most gastric juice and optimally on
in fact, an hour and a half after eating
drink tons of glass of room water
temperatures
so here and a half hour after eating
see and during the day you need to drink water
and according to this one again
aquatic diet need at least 2 liters
drink water every day but always
need to understand that now is the time for food
will be up planned then this is water
drank and ate in an hour and a half
times-once-again drank the water
that is, it is necessary here that all things are wise
combine wrong all understand this
see if you have a glass in the morning you
and kolyada in the evening before going to bed glass
finish the glass in an hour and a half after
food from a glass is now at least
four glasses you should be
drink some water
room temperature water
see when if you suddenly drink
cold water is wrong why
because when you drank it to the body
required by the energy that when first
heat from the fact that while digest
or turn into something else required
still energy does not need to force the body
excessive length it still work right away
water and warmed and a warm vodichku
drank to not myself easier to do and body wars
kart
thank you at least do not overheat so yet
help yourself in general
water diet
try to start eating like this to drink
drink water like this in the right quantities
water right and see for yourself
the result
I also start to eat so much of ours
do we will watch ourselves with our
weight for their condition but for now all
dollar see you soon